story.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Beer Quest - On Finding the "BOBO"
subtitle: Looking into the World of Gluten Free Beer
---

### <u>Our adventure takes place during the 2010s, gluten-free food made a breakthrough in popularity and was much more available in general shops. Interestingly, in France and Belgium, people came up with stereotypes regarding gluten-free consumers and products, describing such a trend as a flash in a pan. One of those stereotypes is about the persona of gluten-free buyers, often described as urban snobbish people who want to distinguish themselves socially by consuming non-usual products, called "Bobo" in European French-speaking areas.</u>

### <span style="color: red;">The international Beer league sent us, the renowned elite Beer detectives to unveil the Bobos, study their characteristics and particularities, and determine if they are a threat to the international Beer drinker community.</span>

### The Footprint of the Bobo, When and Where?

### <span style="color: blue;">As seasoned detectives, and to start our quest, we first need to gather all the information relevant to find the Bobos.</span>

### Another section

test

### Another section 2

## <span style="color: red;">We needed to study the temporal activity of the Bobos to see if they were plotting something shady.</span>
#### For that, our temporal analysis will be done in two steps.
<span style="color: red;">Step 1: Checking the number of reviews per year for gluten free beers globally.</span>
<span style="color: red;">Step 2: Checking the number of reviews per year for gluten free beers as a function of the location.</span>


<img src="C:\Users\user\Desktop\M1\ADA\ada-2023-project-adarescueteam\website\adarescueteam-beerquest\figures\output.png" alt="Gluten free beers evolution through time">

Commit message:

some more additions to the website

story.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Beer Quest - On Finding the "BOBO"
subtitle: Looking into the World of Gluten Free Beer
---

### <u>Our adventure takes place during the 2010s, gluten-free food made a breakthrough in popularity and was much more available in general shops. Interestingly, in France and Belgium, people came up with stereotypes regarding gluten-free consumers and products, describing such a trend as a flash in a pan. One of those stereotypes is about the persona of gluten-free buyers, often described as urban snobbish people who want to distinguish themselves socially by consuming non-usual products, called "Bobo" in European French-speaking areas.</u>

### <span style="color: red;">The international Beer league sent us, the renowned elite Beer detectives to unveil the Bobos, study their characteristics and particularities, and determine if they are a threat to the international Beer drinker community.</span>

### The Footprint of the Bobo, When and Where?

### <span style="color: blue;">As seasoned detectives, and to start our quest, we first need to gather all the information relevant to find the Bobos.</span>

### Another section

test

### Another section 2

## <span style="color: red;">We needed to study the temporal activity of the Bobos to see if they were plotting something shady.</span>
#### For that, our temporal analysis will be done in two steps.
<span style="color: red;">Step 1: Checking the number of reviews per year for gluten free beers globally.</span>
<span style="color: red;">Step 2: Checking the number of reviews per year for gluten free beers as a function of the location.</span>


# TODO: put the figure of the gluten free beer evolution here!! 

### <span style="color: green;">This plot clearly shows that the ammount of reviews for gluten-free beers is increasing.</span>
### <span style="color: blue;">However, seasoned detectives like us must always stay vigilant: is the reason for this increase because of the increase of the popularity of the site? Or is it because of the increase of total number of reviews in the dataset?</span>

# TODO: put the figure of the gluten free beer proportion evolution here!! 

### <span style="color: green;">With that we are sure: the increase of gluten-free beers reviews is not due to the increase of the total number of reviews in the dataset. There can only be one explanation for that: the Bobos are clearly more and more present, globally.</span>
